Minor fixes of typos (permon -> perfmon) (#1205)
Haivision/srt: docs/API-functions.md

> // perfmon with Byte counters for better bitrate estimation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Performance monitor with Byte counters for better bitrate estimation.
```

int srt_bstats(SRTSOCKET u, SRT_TRACEBSTATS * perf, int clear);

> // perfmon with Byte counters and instantaneous stats instead of moving averages for Snd/Rcvbuffer sizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Performance monitor with Byte counters and instantaneous stats instead of moving averages for Snd/Rcvbuffer sizes.
```
